A Russian named Igor Kolokov was arrested in Cairo on 29 January, 2003 and charged with assault on an Egyptian police officer who had attempted to arrest him for being drunk in public. Kolokov sells medical supplies throughout the Middle East and represents a company in Moscow called Medikat. A background check on Kolokov reveals that he was formerly an administrator at the Soviet institute Vector in Strizi, near Kirov in Russia. When he was arrested, Kolokov was carrying a card with a note on it reading [in Russian]: "Safrygin for H. Q., Peshawar."..

(a) David Loiseau, Canadian citizen from Toronto. Kanjak Training Camp, 2000-2001; wounded near Gizab, March 2002. (b) Raeed Beandali, American, Detroit MI., Mine warfare training, Al Khaldun training camp, 2000-2001; wounded near Qalat, 26 November, 2002; sent to London 12 December, 2002. (c) Fahd Khadr, Canadian, Montreal. Light weapons training Al-Badr I training camp, 1999-2000. Sent home 23 October, 2000..

Surveillance report on Cesar Arze, whose residence is 77 Avenue Francis, Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. Arze, who moved from Havana, Cuba to Santo Domingo in 1992, works as a medical technician in Santo Domingo. Arze is under surveillance because of information that he is associated with Cuban intelligence services. Arze was photographed in company with a man identified as Hector Lopez in Bogota, Columbia on 23 January, 2003. Lopez, a known representative of FARC, has conducted narcotics distribution activities throughout South and Central America and the Caribbean..

This source reports observing, near Calamar on 3 March, 2003, three men he knew were Cubans discussing the transfer of cocaine with members of the National Liberation Army [ELN] in Columbia. The source recognized one of these Cubans as Jose Escalante. This source says that he knew Escalante when they were students in 1991 at a school for medical laboratory technicians in Havana. This source said he believes that Escalante works in some capacity for the Cuban military. Our source also stated that Cuban representatives frequently visit in the tri-border area of Columbia, Ecuador and Peru to arrange for the exchange of weapons of various sorts needed by ELN for cocaine, that the ELN supplies to the Cubans who sell and distribute this narcotic throughout the Caribbean and Central American region..

Pyotr Safrygin was formerly director of security at the Vector institute in Strizi, Russia. He now holds the position of director of security for Central Russia Airlines. He was born in Lipetsk, Russia on 26 December, 1950 and now lives in Moscow..

(a) Saeed Hasham [aliases: Hamid Qatada, Yasir Salman]. Member of central staff, Al Qaeda; headed Farooq training camp in Khost area; name appears on many planning documents for insurgent activities in 2002 at Jorm, Taloqan, and the Salang tunnel; received special notice from Osama bin Laden on 22 September 2002 for his planning of successful insurgent actions. (b) Khalid Taha [no recorded aliases], an Egyptian who headed the Spin Shaga camp in Pakhtia province for Kashmiri militants; specializes in chemical weapons. (c) Fahd al Badawi [no recorded aliases]; a Saudi with a medical degree from University of Cairo, Egypt having a specialty in immunology; on medical staff at Farooq training camp in 2001; awarded for successfully treating Osama bin Laden for a bacterial infection in July, 2000..

On 2 April, 2003 the Surete' de l'Etat issued a bulletin concerning a Moroccan named Abdillah Zinedine [alias: Abu Hafs] who had, among others, been occupying a house at 73 Rue Duhesme. Zinedine had been wanted in connection with an attempt to blow up (faire sauter) the Amercan Embassy in Paris in the Fall of 2001. Zinedine is an explosives expert who was in Afghanistan from 1997 - 2000 and who provided Al Qaeda members with explosives training at the Al Badr II training camp in the Pakhtia province area of Afghanistan. It has recently been learned that Zinedine left Paris on a flight to Montreal, Canada on 1 April, 2003. He was using a fraudulent French passport in the name Mehdi Rafiki. Another occupant of the house at 73 Rue Duhesme, on interrogation, reported that Abu Hafs, as he knew Zinedine, said he was on his way to Chicago to visit an old friend whom he only identified as Murad. This source, identified as another Moroccan Zakarya Ziyad, said that Zinedine had mentioned that he and Murad would be doing "great things" in several cities in America..

Mohamed al Omari is a Saudi who was apprehended by Pakistani police in Peshawar on 12 January 2003. Omari was badly wounded at the time, saying that he was shot while attempting to desert from an Al Qaeda insurgent group that had taken refuge near Parachinar on the Afghanistan-Pakistan border. Omari was placed in a hospital and, after his recovery, he was encouraged to talk about his Al Qaeda activities. Among the items of information Omari revealed was that he had been at the Farooq training facility in 2001 before the American presence in Afghanistan. He was shown photos of various persons and asked if he could identify any of them. One photo, that had been taken in Peshawar on 2 January, 2003, showed a group of four men. Omari said he knew three of them since they had been with him at the Farooq training camp. One man he identified as Dr. Badawi, the second he identified as Mamdouh al Hazmi, and the third he identified only as Hasham; Omari could not remember his first name. Omari said that all three were members of Al Qaeda..

This source reported that over 500 carats of polished diamonds were traded by an organization representing rebel forces in Liberia for an assortment of weapons. The person acquiring the diamonds from this organization was identified only as an Arab businessman who had done such trading in the past. This person requested that these diamonds be sent to an address in Panama City, Panama, which he gave as: 993 Panamico Ave. The package, to be delivered to a Ramundo Ortiz at this address, was to be marked for customs purposes as art objects having a commercial value of $250.00..

In response to our query about other associates of Omar Mahmoud Othman at the Baker St. Mosque in London, MI 5 responded with information that a man named Omar Hanif had been given employment by Othman at this mosque in the period 1993 - 1998. He left the UK for a year in 1999 and was possibly in Afghanistan. Travel records show that he traveled from London Heathrow to Islamabad in February of 1999 and returned to London from there in December, 1999. Hanif holds a valid British passport and now lives at #11 Apple St. in Nassau, The Bahamas. He is employed by a chain of hotels in the Bahamas and works at the Seashore Hotel in Nassau and, occasionally, at the Freeport Star Hotel in Freeport. Another name mentioned by MI 5 to be associated with Othman was Jamal al Quso, who came to the UK from Yemen in 1993. He applied for British citizenship in 1998 but was refused because of his repeated troubles with the law. He was convicted of inciting to riot in 1996 and served a one-year suspended sentence. Records reveal that he left London Heathrow on a flight to Chicago, Illinois on July 17, 1999..

A house at #88 Sahibzada Gul Rd. in Peshawar, suspected of being an Al Qaeda safe house, was raided on 15 May, 2003 by Pakistani Intelligence. Unfortunately, apparently being tipped-off, the occupants had fled the day before. However, in the mess they left behind, there were a few items of interest. One was an expired Pakistani passport issued to a person named Yasir Salman. Other items included a doctor's stethoscope; notes taken in Arabic on Legionella and gastroenteritis; and notes, written in Arabic, about the results of a May, 2002 project in the USA called TOPOFF I. In addition, an opened envelope addressed in Arabic to F. Badawi was found behind a cabinet in one of the rooms in this house. Finally, a note written in Arabic simply stated: "Karachi, March 10, 2003, Safrygin, funds."..

A number of bombings were attempted in Casablanca on 16 May, 2003. Of five attempts only one succeeded in causing mass casualties. In four of the attempts that failed only the bombers were killed. These bombings are believed to have been the actions of local individuals who may have been trained by Al Qaeda in Afghanistan. A person believed to have been a participant in the successful bombing was apprehended on 18 June, 2003; his name is Mohamed Essabar. On interrogation, Essabar was asked to reveal the names of other participants, which, even under duress, he refused to do. However, when he was arrested he was carrying a note in Arabic signed by a person named A. Atmani. One person of interest having this name is Abdellah Atmani, who has been a resident of Casablanca all his life. During interviews with Atmani, it became clear that he had no part in the bombings on 16 May, 2003. However, his name was brought to our attention because Atmani works as a loading supervisor for the Holland Orange Shipping Lines that has offices and docks in Casablanca. Holland Orange ships make regular freight runs from Casablanca to a variety of locations along the east coast of the USA as well as to places in the Caribbean. Moroccan police reported that they were keeping Atmani under surveillance..

On 20 June, 2003, three men were arrested at # 71 Voorburg straat in Amsterdam. All three men were of Indonesian origin and had emigrated to The Netherlands in the mid 1990s. These men were arrested on evidence that they had formed a plan to destroy a number of Jewish synagogues in Amsterdam and in other places in The Netherlands. One person was identified as being of special interest to us; his name was established as Riduan Sungkar, who was born in Kuala Lumpur in 1974. When he was taken by the police, Sungkar was carrying an airline ticket from Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam to Chicago, IL with a connecting flight to Los Angeles, CA. The departure date on this ticket was 23 June, 2003. He was also carrying a Dutch passport in the name: Omar Evertts, giving his address as # 71 Voorburg straat, Amsterdam. In addition, he had a small notebook containing several names and addresses, two of which were of persons located in the Los Angeles area. They are: A. Somad, 235 Buckthorn St, Inglewood CA, and Y. Bafaba, 773 Flaxton St., Culver City, CA..

Biographical information was requested on Ramundo Ortiz in Panama City. Records reveal that Ortiz runs a business that deals with art objects as well as precious stones. He is known to be an expert evaluator of diamonds and tanzanites. His business is located at 993 Panamico Ave in Panama City. He travels extensively throughout Central and South America. He is also known to have traveled to Havana, Cuba on many occasions. He is known not to be associated with narcotics traffic in any way. He appears quite prosperous and supports many local charities. But it is also known that he does business with a variety of clients in Africa and the Middle East, especially in Iran and Pakistan..

A Pakistani citizen volunteered on 15 July, 2003, for a price, to provide information about what happened to the former occupants of #88 Sahibzada Gul Rd. in Peshawar. All he could say is that he knew they went north, most likely to Chitral. Asked to provide more information about the previous occupants, all he would say is that he knew they were Al Qaeda. A footnote to this story is that, on 17 July, this informer was found with his throat slit in a back alley in Peshawar..

Based on the NSA report of 1 July, 2003, information was solicited from RCMP regarding the activities of an R. Derwish who lives at 811 Tecumseh Rd. in Windsor, Ontario. The RCMP report that this person's name is in fact Satam Derwish, a Saudi who has used the first name Ronald since he arrived in Canada in 1992. Derwish now holds a Canadian passport. Derwish has been under surveillance recently by the RCMP because of his associations with suspected Hezbollah members in Windsor and in Detroit, Michigan. Derwish works as a ticket agent for Canada Eastern Airlines in Windsor. He gets frequent trips at low cost to various places in the USA and has traveled recently to Newark, NJ, Chicago, IL, and Columbus, Ohio, all of which are cities served by Canadian Eastern Airlines..

Based on a NSA intercept reported on 12 September, 2003, information was requested about a person named Bugarov, presumably Russian, who might have had contact with Pyotr Safrygin at the Vector Institute in Moscow. It is believed that a Boris Bugarov worked as a scientist on bioweapons at Vector between the years 1986 and 1990. In 1990 he traveled to Havana, Cuba with a Maj. Gen. Yury Kalinin, but returned to Moscow shortly thereafter. He has not been seen since then; but sources in Russia say he has returned to Cuba and now lives in Havana where he works in some capacity for the Cuban government..

Further information was requested on Muslih Odeh, who was mentioned in an NSA report of 15 September, 2003. MI 6 reported that Muslih Odeh is believed to be a Saudi and is not a British citizen. Saudi Intelligence reported that a Muslih Odeh was born in Jeddah in 1967 and was last recorded as living in Saudi Arabia in Riyadh in 1998..

One of the men identified in the photo taken in Peshawar on 2 January, 2003, mentioned in the CIA report of 20 April, 2003, was a Mamdouh al Hazmi. This person is a Saudi known to have been associated with Al Qaeda. Recently obtained records reveal that a Mamdouh al Hazmi was killed in a firefight with American forces on 12 March, 2003 near Orgun in Afghanistan..

A paid source in Chitral said he was treated on about 2 October, 2003 for a broken arm by a Dr. Badawi in a refugee camp outside Chitral. Asked how he knew it was a Dr. Badawi, the source replied that another refugee had told him who this doctor was..

Query regarding Cubans registering at Casablanca hotels. Carlos Araneda, Havana, Cuba, registered at the Moroccan Sands Hotel on 19 October, 2003; checked out on 22 October, 2003. Jose Escalante and B. Bugarov, both of Havana, Cuba, registered together at Sahara Atlantic Hotel on 21 October, 2003; checked out on 23 October, 2003. Arnoldo Ramirez, San Cristobal, Cuba, registered at Sahara Atlantic Hotel on 18 October, 2003; checked out on 22 October, 2003..

Query regarding persons from Pakistan registering at Casablanca hotels between 19 - 24 October, 2003. At Moroccan Oasis Hotel: Ali Talib [Karachi], 20 - 24 October; Abu Adil [Karachi], 21 - 22 October; Omar al Banna [Peshawar], 21 - 25 October; Nadia Mahfouz [Peshawar], 22 - 24 October; Ali Mishal [Islamabad], 19 - 24 October. At Sahara Atlantic Hotel: Abdel Noufal [Peshawar], 22 - 23 October; Ahmad Miner [Karachi], 19 -21 October; Yasir Salman [Karachi], 20 - 23 October; Jamat Syeed [Hyderabad], 20 - 23 October. At Moroccan Sands Hotel: Shukri Azzam [Hyderabad]; Nidal Awad [Peshawar],22 - 23 October..

Response to a query regarding the person at 65 Avenue San Martin in Santo Domingo [see NSA report 1 November, 2003]. Resident at this address is listed as Carlos Morales. Morales works as a taxi driver for the AutoFleet taxi company in Santo Domingo. Records reveal that Morales applied for Dominican Republic citizenship in 2000, which was granted in February of 2001. His birth certificate shows that he was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina on 4 March, 1970. A source who took several rides in a taxi driven by Morales says that he overheard Morales speaking in fluent Arabic to someone he had called using the phone in his cab..

Surveillance of Omar Hanif reveals that he traveled from Nassau, The Bahamas to Cairo, Egypt on 20 December, 2003 and returned on 25 December, 2003. While in Cairo he was photographed coming out of a shop at 411 Ramses St. in Cairo. He was in the company of two other men. Provided with this photo, we were able to identify one of the two men as Saeed Hasham..

A check on the activities of Ramundo Ortiz reveals that on 27 January, 2004 he sent a wire transfer of $150,000 in Cuban pesos from the Canal Bank in Panama City to the Peoples Bank in Havana, Cuba. This transfer was to an account held by Jose Escalante at the Peoples Bank..

Surveillance continues on Omar Hanif in Nassau, The Bahamas. On 4 February, 2004 Hanif took a flight from Nassau to Miami, FL. where he boarded a flight to London, arriving on 5 February. He then took a connecting flight to Karachi, Pakistan, returning by the same route on 7 February. While in Karachi, Hanif stayed at a residence at 631 Nishtar Rd. This house is now under surveillance by Pakistani Intelligence..

On 17 February, MI 6 requested information on a Malaysian named Ali Sufaat, who is reported to be working for the Caribbean Cargo Shipping Lines in Caracas, Venezuela. Our sources could only say that Sufaat has worked for Caribbean Cargo intermittently and is reported to have left Caracas for either Cuba or the Bahamas. It is known that Sufaat has traveled to both of these places during his work at Caribbean Cargo..

Response to a request for information about Holland Orange Shipping Lines routes from Casablanca to destinations in the USA and surrounding areas. This shipping line has two freighters, Dutch Courage and Orange Queen, that regularly deliver cargo to Miami, FL., Savannah, GA., and Norfolk, VA., in the USA. These ships also make deliveries to Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, and to Caracas, Venezuela. The Orange Queen services ports in the USA and the Dutch Courage services ports in the Dominican Republic and Venezuela..

The Itar-Tass news Agency reported that, on 15 April, 2004, cattle in the city of Blagoveshchensk were found to have foot and mouth disease. One thousand cattle have already been slaughtered. A state of emergency has been declared in six districts of the Amur region..

Sources tracking Cesar Arze in Santo Domingo report that, on 1 May, 2004, Arze was photographed at a park in Santo Domingo in company with Carlos Morales and a man now identified as a Cuban named Jose Escalante. It is now known that Arze and Escalante received training together in 1992 - 1993 at a school for medical technicians in Havana, Cuba. Arze has been suspected of associations with Cuban intelligence [See CIA Report 22 February, 2003]. Additional information is now available on Carlos Morales, who was overheard speaking fluent Arabic [see CIA Report 15 November, 2003]. Our sources in Buenos Aires, Argentina report that there is a considerable traffic in forged birth certificates among members of the Islamic community in Argentina..

Further information about the background of Boris Bugarov is provided. From information gathered some time ago from Russian sources, Bugarov was born in 1950 in the town of Saratov and was trained in biology at Moscow State University. He appears to have joined the Vector institute around 1986 and he became an expert in developing aerosolized forms of biological weapons. It is believed Bugarov worked on aerosolized forms of India-1 smallpox and pneumonic plague. More recent sources say that Bugarov went to Cuba but then returned to Moscow sometime in 1992. He is reported to have divorced his wife in 1993 and has returned to Cuba. However, he still travels frequently to Europe, the Middle East and in South America. It is also known that Cuba has an active biological weapons program..

Further information provided by MI 5 regarding Muslih Odeh [see CIA Report: 25 September, 2003]. MI 5 reports that there is no record of Odeh's having a British passport, but he may have a Saudi passport. He is known to be employed by the Freeport Star Hotel in Freeport, The Bahamas and is currently under surveillance..

This report was issued in response to an FBI request for information regarding Abdul Nasser and Ali al-Omari. It is known that an Abdul Ahmed Nasser ran a chemical weapons training program in Afghanistan at the Al Khuldan camp in the Khost area from 1999 - 2001 [also see DIA Report for 12 February, 2004]. Recently translated records obtained from a computer hard disk reveal that a Saudi named Ali al Omari was a student at this camp in February of 2000..

A source in Moscow who happens to work under the direction of Pyotr Safrygin at Central Russia Airlines says he drove Safrygin to a location near Strizhi on 1 September where Safrygin met a man in a farm house. The source says Safrygin gave the man a bag, probably containing rubles, and received a package about the size of four shoeboxes that was marked [in Russian] "antibiotics". On the way back to Moscow, the source said Safrygin told him that these antibiotics were to be sold on the black market in Africa..

From information obtained from the Center of Disease Control [CDC} it was learned that 97 cases of foot and mouth disease have been confirmed in the vicinity of Bucaramanga in Columbia. CDC says these cases all appear to be FMD type A..

Grigory Sizov, a former Soviet chemist who now teaches at a university in the USA, was asked what he could tell us about Boris Bugarov and his work in Cuba. Sizov said he knew Bugarov personally and had met him on a visit Sizov took to Moscow in 2002. Sizov said that Bugarov regards Castro as a buffoon but stays in Havana because he enjoys the climate and can make much more money there than in the former Soviet Union. Sizov also said that Bugarov showed him a picture of an attractive Cuban woman whom Bugarov said he planned to marry. Sizov said that Bugarov told him almost nothing about his work in Cuba. However, he said he was free to travel and had some very capable assistants who helped him with all sorts of things. Sizov said he guessed that Bugarov might still be involved in BW work but might also be involved in the distribution of narcotics. Finally, Sizov said he could not help noticing the several flashy diamond rings Bugarov was wearing when they met..

In the CIA Report for 13 February, 2004 it was noted that Pakistani intelligence had agreed to keep a residence at 631 Nishtar Rd. in Karachi under surveillance. On 17 September, 2004 they reported to us that events had prompted a raid on this residence on 5 September, 2004. During this raid five persons were killed, among them two police officers. The three others killed were identified as: Abdul Jabarah [a Kuwaiti], Fahd Jehani [a Saudi], and Ramzi al Shibh [a Yemeni], all of whom are known members of Al Qaeda. Jehani seems to have been a courier since he was carrying a packet of messages. Most of the messages contained instructions for insurgent activities in Pakistan, including an attempt to be made on 1 October, 2004 to destroy police HQ in Karachi. But one message was addressed to S. H in Chitral that read; "Allah, all praise to him, has provided the funds you need to finish your work. These funds will be on their way in ten days." This message was sent by a person only identified as Moataz [possibly an alias] and was sent from Gwadar, Pakistan..

MI 6 provided additional information on the Malaysian named Ali Sufaat. It is now known that Sufaat lives at #13 Step St. in Nassau, The Bahamas. It is also known that Sufaat now works as a deck hand on the Island Freight Lines that makes regular runs between Nassau and Santo Domingo. Sufaat has been under surveillance and has had several contacts with Omar Hanif at the Seashore Hotel in Nassau..

Our source has now been employed by the Holland Orange Shipping Lines in Casablanca. He has been assigned to keep track of the activities of Abdellah Atmani. This source says that on 5 October, 2004 Atmani had a visitor wearing the uniform of a First Officer of Central Russia Airlines. This person gave Atmani a carefully wrapped package marked [in Russian] "Antibiotics". The source says that Atmani told the officer that he should tell his boss that this package will be aboard the "Dutch Courage" in good time. Later the same day, this source says he observed Atmani placing a Holland Orange shipping label on this package to an address in Santo Domingo, The Dominican Republic. The source could not see the street address to which this package would be sent..

A case officer who is at the American embassy in Riyadh says he overheard a conversation at an embassy party between the Spanish ambassador to Saudi Arabia and an American consular official regarding the employment of Saudis in foreign embassies. During this conversation the Spanish ambassador mentioned that an entire family, of the name al Ghamdi, had worked at the Spanish embassy in Riyadh from 1970 to 1988. The ambassador went on to say that he had worked at this embassy as a clerk during this time and had become attached to the three al Ghamdi sons. He added with regret that all three of the boys, whom he had watched grow up, left Saudi Arabia and that two of them had been killed fighting for Al Qaeda in Afghanistan. The third son, he added, never returned to Saudi Arabia and the last he heard was that he had taken up residence in Santo Domingo and was now a cab driver..

Additional information was requested on 2 November, 2004 of the source who reported on the activities of Pyotr Safrygin on 1 September, 2004 [see CIA Report for 15 September, 2004]. This source was asked if he recognized the person at the farm house from whom Safrygin had received the package marked "antibiotics". This source said he did not recognize the person at the farm house, but said he later learned that the farm house was owned by a scientist at Vector..

This source, assigned to cover the activities of Omar Hanif, reported that on 1 December, 2004 he had followed Hanif as he took an inter-island ship called the "Packet" from Nassau to Freeport in the Bahamas. Hanif was carrying a package that the source said carried a label in what he thought was Russian [but which he could not translate]. The source followed Hanif to the Freeport Star Hotel where, in the hotel's parking lot, he gave the package to a person named Muslih Odeh, who is also under surveillance. The source said that Odeh placed the package in the trunk of a car and immediately drove off..

Received information from a source following Omar Hanif that yesterday [15 December, 2004], Hanif met two men as they departed from the cruise ship "Viking Holiday". The source said that Hanif had taken these men to his residence at 11 Apple St. in Nassau..
